Updated Q1 2023 security apps and C2Cs. (#2827)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2023-07-24-apps.md

---

> title: New Security Apps and Connectors, July, 2023

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: New Security Apps and Connectors (July 2023)
```

image: https://www.sumologic.com/img/logo.svg
keywords:
  - apps
  - app catalog
  - security
  - release notes
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> At Sumo Logic, we are committed to continuously providing our customers with new and updated applications and integrations to allow for easy and accessible data collection and powerful visualization from various sources no matter where it is. Over the past quarter, the Sumo team has been hard at work crafting cloud-to-cloud connectors for sources including a generic Google BigQuery cloud-to-cloud connector that enables you to set up an incremental pull to bring any data in BigQuery into Sumo Logic. For instance, this is now the standard for ingesting Gmail logs. The team has also created applications to further help customers better analyze data from tools such as Cisco Meraki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Sumo Logic, we are committed to continuously providing our customers with new and updated applications and integrations to allow for easy and accessible data collection and powerful visualization from various sources, no matter where it is. 

Over the past quarter, the Sumo Logic team has been hard at work crafting cloud-to-cloud connectors for sources including a generic Google BigQuery cloud-to-cloud connector that enables you to set up an incremental pull to bring any data in BigQuery into Sumo Logic. For instance, this is now the standard for ingesting Gmail logs. The team has also created applications to further help customers better analyze data from tools such as Cisco Meraki.
```

* [DocuSign Monitor](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/docusign-source/)
* [Druva](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/druva-source/)
* [Google BigQuery](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/google-bigquery-source/)
* [KnowBe4](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/knowbe4-api-source/)
* [Microsoft O365 Exchange Trace Logs](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/microsoft-exchange-trace-logs/)
* [Rapid7 InsightVm](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/rapid7-source/)
* [Webex](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/webex-source/)
* [Zero Networks Segment Audit and Activities logs](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/zero-networks-segment-source/)

And here is the list of new security apps added to the catalog:
* [Airtable](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/airtable/)
* [Dropbox](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/dropbox/)

> * [Microsoft Graph Azure Active Directory Reporting](/docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/active-directory-azure/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Microsoft Graph Azure Active Directory Reporting](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/microsoft-graph-azure-ad-reporting/)
```

* [Microsoft Graph Identity Protection](/docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/microsoft-graph-identity-protection/)
* [Microsoft Graph Security](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/microsoft-graph-security-v2/)
* [Microsoft O365 Exchange Trace Logs](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/microsoft-exchange-trace-logs/)
* [Mimecast](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/mimecast/)
* [Miro](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/miro/)
* [Proofpoint on Demand](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/proofpoint-on-demand/)
* [Proofpoint Targeted Attack Protection](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/proofpoint-tap/)
* [Palo Alto Cortex XDR](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/palo-alto-cortex-xdr/)
* [Rapid7](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/rapid7/)
* [SentinelOne](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/sentinelone/)
* [Symantec Web Security Service](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/symantec-web-security-service/)

> Did you know Sumo Logic has an active community of users generating new content as well? In case you missed it, the [Sumo Logic Community Ecosystem](/docs/integrations/community-ecosystem-apps/) launched in February of this year and is the perfect conduit for security practitioners to share and rate open-source applications. Below is the current list of content from the Community Ecosystem:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Did you know Sumo Logic has an active community of users generating new content as well? In case you missed it, the [Sumo Logic Community Ecosystem](/docs/integrations/community-ecosystem-apps/), which launched in February, is the perfect conduit for security practitioners to share and rate open-source applications. Below is the current list of content from the Community Ecosystem:
```
